DRIVERS-2533: add RunCursorCommand API (#1412)
mongodb/specifications: source/run-command/run-command.rst

* See Driver Sessions' section on `Sending the session ID to the server on all commands <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.rst#sending-the-session-id-to-the-server-on-all-commands>`_

The command sent to the server MUST gossip the ``$clusterTime`` if cluster time support is detected.

> * See Driver Sessions' section on `Gossipping the cluster time <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.rst#gossipping-the-cluster-time>`_

Reviewer: Is this only relevant to `RunCursorCommand`, or was it something missed in [DRIVERS-2577](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/DRIVERS-2577)?

Author: Yep it was missed, my goal was to make note of all the "edits" the driver makes to the command on behalf of the user. Do all servers past a certain version send `$clusterTime`? We can add to the runCommand.yml tests a confirmation that it gets attached 🤔

Reviewer: [Gossipping the cluster time](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.rst#gossipping-the-cluster-time) in the session spec is probably the relevant docs for that. It talks about cluster time applying to wire version 6+ (3.6+), but I didn't see any mention of topology requirements at a quick glance (and don't recall offhand).

* See Client Side Operations Timeout's section on `runCommand <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#runcommand>`_
* See Client Side Operations Timeout's section on `runCommand behavior <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#runcommand-behavior>`_

--------------------
``runCursorCommand``
--------------------

> The following represents how a runCursorCommand API may be exposed.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the wording here. I'd reword this to clarify that `runCursorCommand` is optional, but if implemented must be compatible with the documented API. With that in mind, I'd suggest:
```suggestion
Drivers MAY expose a runCursorCommand API with the following syntax.
```

Of course, if we're requiring drivers to implement `runCursorCommand`, it should read "Drivers MUST expose [...]"

* See Client Side Operations Timeout's section on `runCommand <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#runcommand>`_
* See Client Side Operations Timeout's section on `runCommand behavior <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#runcommand-behavior>`_

--------------------
``runCursorCommand``
--------------------

The following represents how a runCursorCommand API may be exposed.

.. code:: typescript

>     interface Db {

Reviewer: Consistency with the `runCommand` example.

```suggestion
    interface Database {
```

      /**
       * Takes an argument representing an arbitrary BSON document and executes it against the server.
       */
      runCursorCommand(command: BSONDocument, options: RunCursorCommandOptions): RunCommandCursor;
    }

    interface RunCursorCommandOptions extends RunCommandOptions {
      /**

>        * For operations that create cursors, timeoutMS can either cap the lifetime of the cursor or be applied separately to the original operation and all next calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * For operations that create cursors, timeoutMS can either cap the lifetime of the cursor or be applied separately to the original operation and all subsequent calls.
```

       * To support both of these use cases, these operations MUST support a timeoutMode option.
       *
       * @defaultValue 'CURSOR_LIFETIME'
       *
       * @see https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst
       */
      timeoutMode?: 'ITERATION' | 'CURSOR_LIFETIME';

      /**
       * Identifies the type of cursor this is.
       *
       * A tailable cursor can receive empty ``nextBatch`` arrays in getMore responses.
       * However, subsequent ``getMore`` operations may return documents if new data has become available.
       *

>        * A tailableAwait cursor is an enhancement where instead of dealing with empty responses the server will block until data become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * A tailableAwait cursor is an enhancement where instead of dealing with empty responses the server will block until data becomes available.
```

       *
       * @defaultValue NON_TAILABLE
       */
      cursorType: NON_TAILABLE | TAILABLE | TAILABLE_AWAIT;
    }

RunCursorCommand implementation details
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

RunCursorCommand provides a way to access MongoDB server commands that return a cursor directly without requiring a driver to implement a bespoke cursor implementation.
The API is intended to be built upon RunCommand and take a document from a user and apply a number of common driver internal concerns before forwarding the command to a server.
A driver can expect that the result from running this command will return a document with a ``cursor`` field and MUST provide the caller with a language native abstraction to continue iterating the results from the server.

High level RunCursorCommand steps:

* If no session is provided by the caller, create a ClientSession

> * Create a local Cursor instance

Reviewer: I think readability would by merging this with the "Store the ``firstBatch``..." bullet below, since that's the first time you'll actually use this object.

* Run the cursor creating command provided by the caller

> * Store the ``firstBatch``, ``ns``, and ``id`` from the server's response as well as which server the operation was executed on

Reviewer: I realize this is discussed in "Driver Sessions" below, but I think it's worth noting that the session should be saved in addition to the executing server. Perhaps mention it when talking about executing `getMore` commands as well.

As-is, the first bullet ("If no session is provided by the caller, create a ClientSession") doesn't relate to anything else in this list.

* When the current batch has been fully iterated, using the same server the initial command was executed on execute a ``getMore``
* Store the results of the getMore's ``nextBatch`` and update the cursor's ``id``
* Continue executing ``getMore`` commands until the cursor is exhausted

> Driver Sessions

Reviewer: If you'd like to add a reference to this section (like you have elsewhere), you can link to [Sessions and Cursors](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.rst#sessions-and-cursors).

"""""""""""""""

A driver MUST create an implicit ClientSession if none is provided and it MUST be attached for the duration of the cursor's lifetime.
All ``getMore`` commands constructed for this cursor MUST send the same ``lsid`` used on the initial command.
A cursor is exhausted when the server reports a cursor is equal to zero.
When the cursor is exhausted the client session MUST be ended and the server session returned to the pool as early as possible rather than waiting for a caller to completely iterate the final batch.

Server Selection
""""""""""""""""

RunCursorCommand MUST support a ``readPreference`` option that MUST be used to determine server selection.
The selected server MUST be used for subsequent ``getMore`` commands.

Load Balancers
""""""""""""""

> When in ``loadBalanced`` mode, a driver MUST pin the connection the initial operation was executed on and reuse it for subsequent ``getMore`` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When in ``loadBalanced`` mode, a driver MUST pin the connection used to execute the initial operation, and reuse it for subsequent ``getMore`` operations.
```

Readability suggestion.

* See Load Balancer's section on `Behaviour With Cursors <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/load-balancers/load-balancers.rst#behaviour-with-cursors>`_

Iterating the Cursor
""""""""""""""""""""

Drivers MUST provide an API, typically, a method named ``next()``, that returns one document per invocation.
If the cursor's batch is empty and the cursor id is nonzero, the driver MUST perform a ``getMore`` operation.

> Executing GetMores

Reviewer: Possible reference link: [getMore](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/find_getmore_killcursors_commands.rst#getmore) spec.

Also, if this content seems generally useful to all cursors, perhaps consider adding it there (and linking to it) instead of sequestering it within this runCommand spec.

""""""""""""""""""

The cursor API returned to the caller MUST offer a way to configure ``batchSize``, ``maxTimeMS``, and ``comment`` that are sent on the ``getMore`` command.

.. code:: typescript

  interface GetMore {
    /** Set to the nonzero cursor id */
    getMore: int64;
    /** Set to the namespace returned by the initial command response */
    collection: string;
    /**
     * User configurable document count for the batch returned for this getMore.
     * Only attached to command document if nonzero.
     */

>     batchSize?: int23;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    batchSize?: int32;
```

I shudder to think of the complexities of developing for a 23-bit architecture.

Also, TIL [45-bit architectures](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/45-bit_computing) exist(ed).

Author: I was planning on amending the BSON spec after this /s

    /**
     * User configurable time limit enforced by the server.
     */

>     maxTimeMS?: int23;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    maxTimeMS?: int32;
```

    /**
     * User configurable comment that can be used to identify the operation in logs.
     * This can be any BSON value.
     */
    comment?: BSONValue;
  }

The driver's cursor MUST update its ``id`` and ``ns``, as well as store the ``nextBatch`` from every getMore response.

> Tailable and TailableAwait

Reviewer: Similar to my comment about getMore, this might be something better suited to the [Tailable Cursors](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/find_getmore_killcursors_commands.rst#tailable-cursors) section of the find/getMore/killCursors spec, which is the closet thing we have to a Cursor spec.

If so, you could add it there and then link to it here here.

""""""""""""""""""""""""""

By default most cursors are non-tailable, for example, a find that exhausts when all results for the filter have been satisfied.
MongoDB also supports creating cursors that "tail" or follow the target namespace for new data.
Querying capped collections and change streams are some examples of tailable cursor use cases.
A tailable cursor can receive ``getMore`` responses with an empty ``nextBatch`` array, this does not indicate that the cursor has been exhausted.

In addition to considering a cursor tailable, an ``awaitData`` flag may be sent on the initial command.
This will request that the server block responding to the ``getMore`` immediately and instead rely on the ``maxTimeMS`` field of the ``getMore`` (or server default).

> If the time does expire an empty batch will be returned and the driver MUST issue another ``getMore``.

Reviewer: IMO, monospace formatting for command names is good for readability. Feel free to apply this across the spec (earlier instances of "find" and "getMore") for consistency.

Author: fixed

It is up to the user to construct their initial command with ``awaitData`` and ``tailable`` flags as well as inform RunCursorCommand of the ``cursorType`` that should be constructed.
Requesting a ``cursorType`` that does not align with the fields sent to the server on the initial command SHOULD be documented as undefined behavior.

Resource Cleanup
""""""""""""""""

Drivers MUST provide an explicit mechanism for releasing the cursor resources, typically a ``.close()`` method.
If the cursor id is nonzero a KillCursors operation MUST be attempted, the result of the operation SHOULD be ignored.
The ClientSession associated with the cursor MUST be ended and the ServerSession returned to the pool.

> * See Driver Sessions' section on `When sending a killCursors command <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.rst#when-sending-a-killcursors-command>`_

Reviewer: You can also consider linking to the [killCursors](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/find_getmore_killcursors_commands.rst#killcursors) spec.

* See Client Side Operations Timeout's section on `runCommand behavior <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#runcommand-behavior>`_

--------------------
``runCursorCommand``
--------------------

The following represents how a runCursorCommand API may be exposed.

.. code:: typescript

    interface Database {
      /**
       * Takes an argument representing an arbitrary BSON document and executes it against the server.
       */
      runCursorCommand(command: BSONDocument, options: RunCursorCommandOptions): RunCommandCursor;
    }

    interface RunCursorCommandOptions extends RunCommandOptions {
      /**
       * For operations that create cursors, timeoutMS can either cap the lifetime of the cursor or be applied separately to the original operation and all subsequent calls.
       * To support both of these use cases, these operations MUST support a timeoutMode option.
       *
       * @defaultValue 'CURSOR_LIFETIME'
       *
       * @see https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst
       */

>       timeoutMode?: 'ITERATION' | 'CURSOR_LIFETIME';

Reviewer 3: will you add unified tests for this for the runCursorCommand? I am concerned that if a driver implements this spec before implementing CSOT (like we will in Node) they may inadvertently miss this requirement (with tests available, they could be skipped with a ticket to unskip when implementing CSOT)

Author: I have added CSOT tests, they are mostly clones of existing CSOT cases, but I can't confirm they are correct since Node doesn't have an implementation. Any ideas how best to proceed?

Reviewer 3: we'll need to have a driver that has implemented CSOT volunteer to POC this

Reviewer 3: We have a lifetime test, we still need an iteration test

      /**
       * Identifies the type of cursor this is.
       *
       * A tailable cursor can receive empty `nextBatch` arrays in `getMore` responses.
       * However, subsequent `getMore` operations may return documents if new data has become available.
       *
       * A tailableAwait cursor is an enhancement where instead of dealing with empty responses the server will block until data becomes available.
       *
       * @defaultValue NON_TAILABLE
       */

>       cursorType: NON_TAILABLE | TAILABLE | TAILABLE_AWAIT;

Reviewer 3: will you be adding tests for this?

Author: I have added coverage for tailable, awaitData is not something we can confirm without CSOT I think 🤔 but I'm also not too concerned with coverage, the enhancement is that the server blocks for the maxTimeMS, a driver's code doesn't change for the await case.

Reviewer 3: I am mostly concerned with making sure that the options are set correctly on the cursor when it's created via this command

Reviewer 3: Make sure we copy the CSOT tests for each cursorType as applied to the generic run cursor command

    }

RunCursorCommand implementation details
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

RunCursorCommand provides a way to access MongoDB server commands that return a cursor directly without requiring a driver to implement a bespoke cursor implementation.
The API is intended to be built upon RunCommand and take a document from a user and apply a number of common driver internal concerns before forwarding the command to a server.

> A driver can expect that the result from running this command will return a document with a ``cursor`` field and MUST provide the caller with a language native abstraction to continue iterating the results from the server.

Reviewer 3: Can you clarify what the expectation is in case the command provided to this API does not, in fact, return a cursor? It would be good to call out explicitly, since in all other cursor implementations we are guaranteed that the command will generate a cursor.

Author: Yea good call, the garuntee of recieving a cursor is not universal as some drivers will run the initial command immediately so will throw before returning control to their user. I think node will return a cursor and throw on the first iteration.

High level RunCursorCommand steps:

* Run the cursor creating command provided by the caller and retain the ClientSession used as well as the server the command was executed on.
* Create a local Cursor instance and store the ``firstBatch``, ``ns``, and ``id`` from the response.

> * When the current batch has been fully iterated, using the same server the initial command was executed on execute a ``getMore``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* When the current batch has been fully iterated, execute a ``getMore`` using the same server the initial command was executed on 
```

Author: fixed

* Store the ``nextBatch`` from the ``getMore`` response and update the cursor's ``id``

> * Continue executing ``getMore`` commands until the cursor is exhausted

Reviewer 3: as a standalone sentence this is ambiguous in terms of whether the command is going to execute all of these getMores by itself before returning to the user or whether these are performed on demand

Author: Good point, updated to be more clear

It is up to the user to construct their initial command with ``awaitData`` and ``tailable`` flags as well as inform RunCursorCommand of the ``cursorType`` that should be constructed.
Requesting a ``cursorType`` that does not align with the fields sent to the server on the initial command SHOULD be documented as undefined behavior.

Resource Cleanup
""""""""""""""""

Drivers MUST provide an explicit mechanism for releasing the cursor resources, typically a ``.close()`` method.
If the cursor id is nonzero a KillCursors operation MUST be attempted, the result of the operation SHOULD be ignored.
The ClientSession associated with the cursor MUST be ended and the ServerSession returned to the pool.

* See Driver Sessions' section on `When sending a killCursors command <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.rst#when-sending-a-killcursors-command>`_
* See Find, getMore and killCursors commands' section on `killCursors <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/find_getmore_killcursors_commands.rst#killcursors>`_

Client Side Operations Timeout
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> As with RunCommand if the initial command has a ``maxTimeMS`` and CSOT settings are provided the behavior is undefined and drivers MUST NOT inspect the document to detect this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As with RunCommand, if the initial command has a ``maxTimeMS`` and CSOT settings are provided the behavior is undefined and drivers MUST NOT inspect the document to detect this.
```

Author: fixed

> Drivers SHOULD not allow both a ``getMore`` ``maxTimeMS`` setting to be provided and CSOT settings.

Reviewer 3: can you rephrase this sentence? it's unclear what exactly it's trying to say, is it ```Drivers SHOULD *NOT* allow both a ``getMore`` *and a* ``maxTimeMS`` setting to be provided *in* CSOT settings.```?

Author: Flipped the boolean here, saying we _should_ raise an error, I predict this could be difficult for some drivers (node.js) depending on when they receive CSOT options. The documentation requirement is the important part.

* See Drivers Sessions' section on `Sessions and Cursors <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.rst#sessions-and-cursors>`_

Server Selection
""""""""""""""""

RunCursorCommand MUST support a ``readPreference`` option that MUST be used to determine server selection.
The selected server MUST be used for subsequent ``getMore`` commands.

Load Balancers
""""""""""""""

When in ``loadBalanced`` mode, a driver MUST pin the connection used to execute the initial operation, and reuse it for subsequent ``getMore`` operations.

* See Load Balancer's section on `Behaviour With Cursors <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/load-balancers/load-balancers.rst#behaviour-with-cursors>`_

Iterating the Cursor
""""""""""""""""""""

Drivers MUST provide an API, typically, a method named ``next()``, that returns one document per invocation.
If the cursor's batch is empty and the cursor id is nonzero, the driver MUST perform a ``getMore`` operation.

Executing GetMores
""""""""""""""""""

> The cursor API returned to the caller MUST offer an API to configure ``batchSize``, ``maxTimeMS``, and ``comment`` that are sent on the ``getMore`` command.

Reviewer: > Does that context steer your thinking towards leaving comment configurable or shall we prohibit / leave it up to drivers?

I don't see the harm in making it configurable. To my knowledge, the server doesn't place any restrictions on the field. If it's absent the original command's comment applies internally, and presumably there's no problem with changing it between `getMore` commands (perhaps only possible if the driver exposes the API on the CommandCursor object).

Probably better to specify it instead of leaving it undefined and inviting drivers to cook up conflicting implementations. This way we can also ensure there is test coverage.

> I'll pick a lane which is that users should be able to change these settings at any time in the lifetime of the cursor and the next getMore after the settings have changed should respect the changes.

No argument there. Let's codify this in the spec with some MAY language so drivers know they're permitted to let applications change these settings between `getMore` commands (if their API would allow for it).

I agree that we wouldn't be able to test this. You can consider noting that in the spec and saying that drivers choosing to support that SHOULD write their own tests for it.

> The cursor API returned to the caller MUST offer an API to configure ``batchSize``, ``maxTimeMS``, and ``comment`` that are sent on the ``getMore`` command.

Author: Updated the language to have MAY for configuration and if so a MUST for testing.

       *
       * @defaultValue 'cursorLifetime'
       *
       * @see https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst
       */
      timeoutMode?: 'iteration' | 'cursorLifetime';

      /**
       * Identifies the type of cursor this is.
       *
       * A tailable cursor can receive empty `nextBatch` arrays in `getMore` responses.
       * However, subsequent `getMore` operations may return documents if new data has become available.
       *
       * A tailableAwait cursor is an enhancement where instead of dealing with empty responses the server will block until data becomes available.
       *
       * @defaultValue 'nonTailable'
       */
      cursorType: 'nonTailable' | 'tailable' | 'tailableAwait';
    }

    /**
     * The following are the configurations a driver MUST provide to control how getMores are constructed.
     * How the options are controlled should be idiomatic to the driver's language.
     * See Executing ``getMore`` Commands.
     */
    interface RunCursorCommandGetMoreOptions {
      batchSize?: PositiveIntegerNumber;

>       maxTimeMS?: PositiveIntegerNumber;

Reviewer: Looking at the [CRUD spec](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/crud/crud.rst) for guidance here, I think we can just use Int32 and Int64 for `batchSize` and `maxTimeMS`, respectively. In the CRUD spec, `getMore` `maxTimeMS` is named `maxAwaitTimeMS` and uses an Int64. I don't think the server actually enforces Int32 for `batchSize` -- it's more likely that a batch size beyond `INT32_MAX` is just unreasonable due to wire protocol limits.

Doc block comments on these fields can communicate that `batchSize` is a positive integer and `maxTimeMS` is a non-zero integer, but I don't think we need to communicate that in the type here -- that's not done in other specs AFAIK.

Author: I'm starting to think it is worth surveying the use of bit widths in the specs where they are not actually related to a server requirement. For these fields any bit width is accepted as long as it does not have a fractional component. 

As a JS engineer we should be able to send non-fractional doubles, which is the native numeric type to our language, but the spec suggests otherwise in all these interfaces. 

Maybe we should start using number classes? for now I'll follow the docs lead here on phrasing
```ts
  /** Any natural number is permitted. */
  batchSize?: N;
  /** Zero and any natural number is permitted. */
  maxTimeMS?: N | 0;
```

Reviewer: > I'm starting to think it is worth surveying the use of bit widths in the specs where they are not actually related to a server requirement. For these fields any bit width is accepted as long as it does not have a fractional component.

Feel free to create a DRIVERS ticket to track that.

> As a JS engineer we should be able to send non-fractional doubles, which is the native numeric type to our language, but the spec suggests otherwise in all these interfaces.

As far as the public API is concerned, I don't see any problem with accepting a non-fractional double if that's idiomatic for the language. So long as it's a modeled option, the driver can still ensure it's encoded to the correct BSON type if required by the server.

That said, using non-fractional doubles in a command document, which isn't inspected by the driver, is another issue entirely.

* See Client Side Operations Timeout's section on `runCommand behavior <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#runcommand-behavior>`_

--------------------
``runCursorCommand``
--------------------

Drivers MAY expose a runCursorCommand API with the following syntax.

.. code:: typescript

    interface Database {
      /**
       * Takes an argument representing an arbitrary BSON document and executes it against the server.
       */
      runCursorCommand(command: BSONDocument, options: RunCursorCommandOptions): RunCommandCursor;
    }

    interface RunCursorCommandOptions extends RunCommandOptions {
      /**
       * For operations that create cursors, timeoutMS can either cap the lifetime of the cursor or be applied separately to the original operation and all subsequent calls.
       * To support both of these use cases, these operations MUST support a timeoutMode option.
       *
       * @defaultValue 'cursorLifetime'
       *
       * @see https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst
       */

>       timeoutMode?: 'iteration' | 'cursorLifetime';

Reviewer 3: Do we need a CSOT test for the iteration mode? I only saw one for cursorLifetime

Author: Added iteration coverage

>       timeoutMode?: 'iteration' | 'cursorLifetime';

Reviewer: I think it'd be helpful to explicitly state that this is an enum type.

Quoting [Cursors](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst#cursors) in the CSOT spec:

> This option is an enum with possible values `CURSOR_LIFETIME` and `ITERATION`

You might also consider using all-caps for consistency with the CSOT spec. I believe most other specs use all-caps for enum values as well.

Author: It is interesting that the specs use caps and the tests use camel case - pick a lane 😆 But yea I agree with sticking with CSOTs naming convention.

      /**
       * Identifies the type of cursor this is.
       *
       * A tailable cursor can receive empty `nextBatch` arrays in `getMore` responses.
       * However, subsequent `getMore` operations may return documents if new data has become available.
       *
       * A tailableAwait cursor is an enhancement where instead of dealing with empty responses the server will block until data becomes available.
       *
       * @defaultValue 'nonTailable'
       */

>       cursorType: 'nonTailable' | 'tailable' | 'tailableAwait';

Reviewer 3: I saw CSOT runCursorCommand tests for tailable and tailableAwait, do we need a CSOT nonTailable test?

Author: We had the nonTailable case, its the default so we don't need to specify it, but I've now added the two tailable cases

>       cursorType: 'nonTailable' | 'tailable' | 'tailableAwait';

Reviewer: Related to my comment on `timeoutMode`, it'd be helpful to explicitly state that this is an enum.

A CursorType enum is already defined in [CRUD: Read](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/crud/crud.rst#read) with values: `NON_TAILABLE`, `TAILABLE`, and `TAILABLE_AWAIT`. The Change Streams spec also refers `TAILABLE_AWAIT` enum value. I think it'd make sense to add a reference to the CursorType enum in the CRUD spec and use all-caps for the values here for consistency.

Regarding spec tests:

 * We don't have any spec tests for the `cursorType` `find` option, so there's no prior art for how to reference these enums in tests.
 * CSOT spec refer to `timeoutMode` enum values with `camelCase` despite using `ALL_CAPS` in the spec itself

Given that, I've no objection to leaving the `camelCase` in this PR's spec tests as-is.

Author: Updated same as CSOT, and I'll leave the tests as is

       * For operations that create cursors, timeoutMS can either cap the lifetime of the cursor or be applied separately to the original operation and all subsequent calls.
       * To support both of these use cases, these operations MUST support a timeoutMode option.
       *
       * @defaultValue CURSOR_LIFETIME
       *
       * @see https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-operations-timeout/client-side-operations-timeout.rst
       */
      timeoutMode?: ITERATION | CURSOR_LIFETIME;

      /**
       * See the `cursorType` enum defined in the crud specification.
       * @see https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/crud/crud.rst#read
       *
       * Identifies the type of cursor this is.
       *
       * A tailable cursor can receive empty `nextBatch` arrays in `getMore` responses.
       * However, subsequent `getMore` operations may return documents if new data has become available.
       *
       * A tailableAwait cursor is an enhancement where instead of dealing with empty responses the server will block until data becomes available.
       *
       * @defaultValue NON_TAILABLE
       */

>       cursorType: CursorType;

Reviewer 4: The current pattern in the Go Driver (i.e. GODRIVER-1605) is to allow the user to set batchSize (and now maxTimeMS and comment) _after_ the runCommand has been executed. This pattern means these settings only affect subsequent document batches fetched from the database. Will that pattern work for cursorType as well?

Author: cursorType is here to supply CSOT implementations with the information they need to correctly support timeoutMode. We do not have a driver that supports timeoutMode yet so cursorType is also not necessary, it communicates information about the initial command being run rather than anything that would change how to run/construct getMores.

I improved the docs here mentioning the relation to CSOT, and that this field is an optional option. 

cc: @dariakp

Reviewer 4: Will we be creating follow-up driver tickets to implement cursorType and timeoutMode? Per your comment, the Go team would like to implement them simultaneously if possible.

RunCursorCommand provides a way to access MongoDB server commands that return a cursor directly without requiring a driver to implement a bespoke cursor implementation.
The API is intended to be built upon RunCommand and take a document from a user and apply a number of common driver internal concerns before forwarding the command to a server.
A driver can expect that the result from running this command will return a document with a ``cursor`` field and MUST provide the caller with a language native abstraction to continue iterating the results from the server.

> If the response from the server does not include a ``cursor`` field the driver MUST throw an error either before returning from ``runCursorCommand`` or upon first iteration of the cursor.

Reviewer 3: We should make sure to add a test for this

Author: Agreed, added
